Hey, you didn't tell me what happened?
Didn't I just find out?
I'm talking about the chicken blood spilled on the door
Can you really hold your breath?
I still want to make dumplings for me, I thought you were in a good mood
So you mean I shouldn't make dumplings for you?
Not that.
Are you supposed to tell me that?
Made me think you had something
I thought you liked me
I just wanted to stay at my place for a few days
Is it a little kid?
Why don't you speak?
Do you like me or not?
How did you chat today?
You can say whatever I ask you
Hey
Responsible for you again
I said take you to the hospital, if you don't go, don't blame me, I just want to know what you think of me
Are you in love?
Don't do work
The research failed
Didn't even take the case
Master Kong said that food color is also
If I can't even feel my most basic happiness
What do I work for?
Master Gai is right
That's a lot.
Yes, it's a lot of talking.
Are you going to tell Zhang or not, otherwise can you wake up and don't keep making such jokes with me?
We are this generation apart
I don't want to mess with this shit every day with a little kid
Like it or don't like it?
Then I must perform well in the future
Try to make you like it.